altair                    4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argcomplete               2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argh                      0.26.2          pyh9f0ad1d_1002    conda-forge
arrow-cpp                 9.0.0           py38h4dba66e_6_cpu    conda-forge
asciitree                 0.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
astor                     0.8.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     22.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.5.11               hd2e2f4b_0    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.6.2                h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.2.7               hb9330a7_13    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.10.5               h35aa462_0    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.11               h0010a65_7    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.8.186              h766a74d_3    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports.zoneinfo        0.2.1            py38h0dd4459_5    conda-forge
base58                    2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.30.0               h0e31d98_3    bioconda
biocommons.seqrepo        0.6.5              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioutils                  0.5.7              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
blast                     2.12.0               h0370960_3    bioconda
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.1               h97e831e_3    conda-forge
bokeh                     2.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
boto3                     1.24.73            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.27.73            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38hed1de0f_1004    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.9.14            h033912b_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cdot                      0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2022.9.14          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py38h86886aa_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.0.4            py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
conda                     4.14.0           py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    1.8.1            py38hed1de0f_1    conda-forge
configparser              5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cooler                    0.8.11             pyh5e36f6f_1    bioconda
cryptography              37.0.4           py38h0f8513e_0    conda-forge
cssselect                 1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.83.1               h372c54d_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.12.0           py38h0dd4459_0    conda-forge
dask                      2022.6.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2022.6.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.3            py38hd331d03_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.5.1            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distributed               2022.6.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrez-direct             16.2                 h193322a_1    bioconda
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fake-useragent            0.1.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h3f81eb7_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2022.8.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py38h50d1736_5    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hd1a6beb_1008    conda-forge
gffutils                  0.10.1             pyh864c0ab_1    bioconda
gflags                    2.2.2             hb1e8313_1004    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.27             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.6.0                h8ac2a54_0    conda-forge
grpc-cpp                  1.47.1               h834a566_6    conda-forge
h5py                      3.7.0           nompi_py38hf55d6a0_101    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.2          nompi_hc782337_100    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
hgvs                      1.5.1              pyh5e36f6f_0    bioconda
hicmatrix                 16                 pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
htslib                    1.14                 hefe9584_1    bioconda
humanfriendly             10.0             py38h50d1736_2    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h96cf925_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.11.4               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 1.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
intervaltree              3.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.15.3             pyh736e0ef_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.5.0              pyhd1c38e8_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   hac89ed1_2    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.11.1           py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py38hf58141a_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               hb49756b_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h577c468_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20220623.0      cxx17_h844d122_4    conda-forge
libarchive                3.5.2                hde4784d_3    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                he49afe7_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h372c54d_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    14.0.6               hccf4f1f_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.9                  h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h815e4d9_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           10_4_0_h97931a8_25    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.3.0              h082f757_25    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.2.0                hb0fe3b0_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.3                hac89ed1_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libmamba                  0.25.0               h3ac2a45_2    conda-forge
libmambapy                0.25.0           py38h02d7f1e_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h7cbc4dc_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          openmp_h429af6e_3    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h5481273_4    conda-forge
libpq                     14.5                 h76c7896_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.21.5               hbc0c0cd_3    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libsolv                   0.7.22               hd9580d2_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.3               ha978bb4_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               h7535e13_3    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.16.0               h08c06f4_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                h1167814_3    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.7.0                h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h775f41a_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               hea49891_4    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.35               heaa0ce8_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               hfd90126_3    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.4               ha654fa7_0    conda-forge
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lxml                      4.9.1            py38h0dd4459_0    conda-forge
lz4                       4.0.0            py38h5cd37e2_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              haf1e3a3_1000    conda-forge
mamba                     0.25.0           py38h52b2510_2    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py38hed1de0f_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.1            py38h11da6c2_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.4            py38hf58141a_0    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.13          py38h0dd4459_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h96cf925_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.3            py38h2b30649_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.3           py38h4289407_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6e7aa92_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1q               hfe4f2af_0    conda-forge
orc                       1.7.6                ha9d861c_1    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pairix                    0.3.7            py38hc0a6b99_4    bioconda
pandas                    1.4.4            py38h5e0dbaf_0    conda-forge
parquet-cpp               1.5.1                         2    conda-forge
parse                     1.19.0             pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
parsley                   1.3                        py_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 he49afe7_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h0d85af4_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h9722bc1_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.105           pl5321h9722bc1_0    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321ha5712d3_1    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   6.66                          0    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h9722bc1_0    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.11            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.09            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321hcd10b59_5    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321ha5712d3_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321ha5712d3_3    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.62            pl5321ha5712d3_0    bioconda
perl-threaded             5.32.1               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.2.0            py38h83525de_1    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.0.0            py38h50d1736_3    conda-forge
primer3-py                0.6.1            py38h431a6f7_1    bioconda
primer4                   0.1                       dev_0    <develop>
prompt-toolkit            3.0.31             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.21.5           py38h4cd09af_1    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.2            py38hef030d1_0    conda-forge
psycopg2                  2.9.3            py38h05cbfbd_0    conda-forge
psycopg2-binary           2.9.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py                        1.11.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   9.0.0           py38hf59b08f_6_cpu    conda-forge
pybedtools                0.9.0            py38h44928dc_1    bioconda
pybigwig                  0.3.18           py38h56ea4c4_2    bioconda
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3           py38hed1de0f_1010    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydeck                    0.7.1              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
pyee                      8.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyfaidx                   0.6.3.1            pyh5e36f6f_1    bioconda
pygenometracks            3.5.1                      py_0    bioconda
pygments                  2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pympler                   1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyppeteer                 1.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyquery                   1.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1           py38hed1de0f_1    conda-forge
pysam                     0.17.0           py38h3bd2d69_1    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytables                  3.7.0            py38h83bf2f2_2    conda-forge
pytest                    7.1.3            py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
python                    3.8.13          h394c593_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2022.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      2_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.2.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytz-deprecation-shim     0.1.0.post0      py38h50d1736_2    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py38hed1de0f_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.2.1           py38hde384ec_0    conda-forge
re2                       2022.06.01           hb486fe8_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h3899abd_0    conda-forge
reproc                    14.2.3               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
reproc-cpp                14.2.3               he49afe7_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.28.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
requests-html             0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.80         py38h0dd4459_1007    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.1            py38hb5a21b1_0    conda-forge
semver                    2.13.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                65.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
simplejson                3.17.6           py38hed1de0f_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.5              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.9                h6e38e02_1    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.39.3               h9ae0607_0    conda-forge
sqlparse                  0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
streamlit                 1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.8.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tblib                     1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h5dbffcc_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2              py38h0dd4459_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.64.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.3.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022c                h191b570_0    conda-forge
tzlocal                   4.2              py38h50d1736_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.11            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
validators                0.14.0                     py_0    bioconda
w3lib                     1.22.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
watchdog                  2.1.9            py38hc6f74f6_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
websockets                10.3             py38hed1de0f_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               h52ee1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h775f41a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
yaml-cpp                  0.7.0                hb486fe8_1    conda-forge
yoyo-migrations           7.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
zict                      2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               hfd90126_3    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                hfa58983_4    conda-forge
